feat: Fix instruction link for NGINX Ingress Helm Operator (#3596)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/installation/installation-with-operator.md

Reviewer: I noticed that there's a reference to `1.2.1` that wasn't updated on line 63, could you update that one too?

Author: Done!

Reviewer: Thanks!

    * To pull from the F5 Container registry, configure a docker registry secret using your JWT token from the MyF5 portal by following the instructions from [here](/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/using-the-jwt-token-docker-secret).
    * It is also possible to build your own image and push it to your private Docker registry by following the instructions from [here](/nginx-ingress-controller/installation/building-ingress-controller-image).
2. Install the NGINX Ingress Operator following the [instructions](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ingress-helm-operator/blob/v1.3.0/docs/installation.md).

> 3. Create the default server secret and SecurityContextConstraint as outlined in the ["Getting Started" instructions](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ingress-helm-operator#getting-started).

Reviewer: Why are we removing the tag here?

Author: The document linked was completely wrong: are all Helm Operator doc links meant to be tagged?

Reviewer: yeah we always use tags in the links

Author: @lucacome I'll push an update for the tag, but what's the strategy for if the tag changes? I don't have a mental image of how tags are being used by Helm Operator.

e.g If there's X amount of tagged links from NIC docs, and a new version of Helm Operator comes out, suddenly all of those tagged links are invalid. Suddenly, there could be drift in the documentation.

Reviewer: All the links to the operator repo are on this page and we should update them with every new version of the operator. The problem with using `main` is that we could point to something that is not yet released.

We have a table here with all the versions https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/blob/main/docs/content/technical-specifications.md#supported-kubernetes-versions

Author: Tagged link added. I noticed there's 1.3.1 now, but I stuck with 1.3.0 since that's what the other links go to.

> 3. Create the default server secret and SecurityContextConstraint as outlined in the []"Getting Started" instructions](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ingress-helm-operator#getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the default server secret and SecurityContextConstraint as outlined in the ["Getting Started" instructions](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ingress-helm-operator#getting-started).
```

> 3. Create the default server secret and SecurityContextConstraint as outlined in the ["Getting Started" instructions](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ingress-helm-operator/tree/v1.3.0#getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create the default server secret and SecurityContextConstraint as outlined in the ["Getting Started" instructions](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-ingress-helm-operator/blob/v1.3.0/README.md#getting-started).
```

I'd use this to make it consistent.
